com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/airport/User.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.airport.User
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/Order.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.Order
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/airport/AviationCompany.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.airport.AviationCompany
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/InformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.InformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/Contractor.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.Contractor
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/OrderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.OrderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/GameInformationService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.GameInformationService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/User.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.User
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/Application.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.Application
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/ProductOrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.ProductOrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/ExtraFoodShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.ExtraFoodShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/OrderDto.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.OrderDto
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/airport/FlightSearch.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.airport.FlightSearch
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/GameOrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.GameOrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/OrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.OrderRequest
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/airport/Customers.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.airport.Customers
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/OrderService.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.OrderService
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/airport/Application.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.airport.Application
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/airport/Airport.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.airport.Airport
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/HealthyShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.HealthyShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/OrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.OrderRequest
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/GameOrderRequest.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.GameOrderRequest
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/Shop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.Shop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/OrderProcess.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.OrderProcess
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/GlutenFreeShop.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.GlutenFreeShop
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Application.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Application
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/Food2Door/Application.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.Food2Door.Application
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/service/GameOrderRepository.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.service.GameOrderRepository
com/kodilla/good/patterns/challenges/MovieStore.java
 com.kodilla.good.patterns.challenges.MovieStore
