com/kodilla/testing/forum/ForumTestSuite.java
 com.kodilla.testing.forum.ForumTestSuite
com/kodilla/testing/weather/stub/Temperatures.java
 com.kodilla.testing.weather.stub.Temperatures
com/kodilla/testing/shape/Circle.java
 com.kodilla.testing.shape.Circle
com/kodilla/testing/forum/tdd/ForumTestSuite.java
 com.kodilla.testing.forum.tdd.ForumTestSuite
com/kodilla/testing/collection/OddNumbersExterminator.java
 com.kodilla.testing.collection.OddNumbersExterminator
com/kodilla/testing/library/Book.java
 com.kodilla.testing.library.Book
com/kodilla/testing/shape/ShapeCollector.java
 com.kodilla.testing.shape.ShapeCollector
com/kodilla/testing/forum/ForumComment.java
 com.kodilla.testing.forum.ForumComment
com/kodilla/testing/forum/ForumPost.java
 com.kodilla.testing.forum.ForumPost
com/kodilla/testing/library/LibraryDatabase.java
 com.kodilla.testing.library.LibraryDatabase
com/kodilla/testing/shape/Shape.java
 com.kodilla.testing.shape.Shape
com/kodilla/testing/shape/Triangle.java
 com.kodilla.testing.shape.Triangle
com/kodilla/testing/user/SimpleUser.java
 com.kodilla.testing.user.SimpleUser
com/kodilla/testing/shape/Square.java
 com.kodilla.testing.shape.Square
com/kodilla/testing/library/LibraryUser.java
 com.kodilla.testing.library.LibraryUser
com/kodilla/testing/TestingMain.java
 com.kodilla.testing.TestingMain
com/kodilla/testing/Calkulator/Calkulator.java
 com.kodilla.testing.Calkulator.Calkulator
com/kodilla/testing/library/BookLibrary.java
 com.kodilla.testing.library.BookLibrary
com/kodilla/testing/forum/ForumUser.java
 com.kodilla.testing.forum.ForumUser
com/kodilla/testing/weather/stub/WeatherForecast.java
 com.kodilla.testing.weather.stub.WeatherForecast
com/kodilla/testing/forum/statistic/Statistics.java
 com.kodilla.testing.forum.statistic.Statistics
com/kodilla/testing/forum/statistic/Counter.java
 com.kodilla.testing.forum.statistic.Counter
